.\" Manpage for vim commands.
.\" Contact vivek@nixcraft.net.in to correct errors or typos.
.TH vim-commands 7 "30 Oct 2013" "1.0" "vim commands man page"

.SH MOTIONS

.SS Quantitative

.TP
.B \fI#\fP
Let \fI#\fP be any number other than \fB0\fP. This will an action to be done
\fI#\fP times.

.TP
.B 0
The beginning of the line.

.TP
.B ^
The beginning of the line after leading whitespace.

.TP
.B $
The end of the line.

.TP
.B G
The end of the file.

.TP
.B gg
The beginning of the file.

.TP
.B w
The end of the word plus trailing whitespace.

.TP
.B e
The end of the word without trailing whitespace.

.TP
.B b
The beginning of the word.

.SH NORMAL MODE COMMANDS

.SS Normal Commands

.TP
.B a
Enter insert mode and append text to the cursor's current position.

.TP
.B A
Enter insert mode and append text at the end of the current line.

.TP
.B i
Enter insert mode and insert text at the cursor's current position.

.TP
.B I
Enter insert mode and insert text and the beginning of the line after leading
whitespace.

.TP
.B gI
Enter insert mode and insert text at the very beginning of the line.

.TP
.B o
Enter insert mode, create a new line below the current line, and insert text on
that line.

.TP
.B O
Enter insert mode, create a new line above the current line, and insert text on
that line.

.SS Ex Commands

.TP
.B :q[uit]
Quit vim. If there are changes to the buffer, an error will be thrown. Append
with \fB!\fP to quit regardless of whether or not there are changes.

.TP
.B :w[rite]
Write changes to the buffer. Append with
.B !
to force an overwrite.

.TP
.B :wq
Write changes to the buffer and quit. Append with \fB!\fP to force an overwrite
and quit.

.TP
.B :se[t]
Set a configuration option for the current vim session. Append the option with a
\fB?\fP to get the current value.

.SH AUTHOR
Eric Kever (eric@erickever.com)
