.TH osx-defaults 7 "7 Nov 2013" "1.0" "osx defaults man page"

.SH INCOMPLETE

.P
Some options are listed but simply have \fB???\fP as their description. This is
either for lack of description or pure laziness.

.SH NSGlobalDomain

.P
NSGlobalDomain options are written/read to using a command such as

.RS
.PP
.B defaults read -g <preference>
.PP
or
.PP
.B defaults read NSGlobalDomain <preference>
.RE

.TP
.I AppleShowScrollBars
Determines the actions of scrollbars for the user. Available values are:

.RS

.IP \fBAlways\fP
Always show scrollbars. Note that this option does take a small amount of screen
real-estate.

.IP \fBWhenScrolling\fP
Only show scrollbars while scrolling, then hide them after the scrolling is
finished.

.RE

.TP
.I NSOverlayScrollerShowOnMouseOver
???

.TP
.I NSavPanelExpandedStateForSaveMode
If \fBtrue\fP, save panels will be expanded by default.

.TP
.I PMPrintingExpandedStateForPrint
If \fBtrue\fP, print panels will be expanded by default.

.TP
.I AppleKeyboardUIMode
Determines how the keyboard will interact with specific controls within a
window. Possible values are:

.RS

.IP \fB0\fP
Tab key switches between textboxes and lists.

.IP \fB2\fP
Tab key switches between all of the window's controls.

.RE

.TP
.I ApplePressAndHoldEnabled
If \fBtrue\fP, pressing and holding a key will display a dialog box which will
allow the user to select a special character similar to the key they pressed. If
\fBfalse\fP, pressing and holding a button will cause the key press to repeat
itself.

.TP
.I KeyRepeat
An integer representing the speed a key should repeat if held down. This only
takes effect if \fIApplePressAndHold\fP is disabled.

.TP
.I NSAutomaticSpellingCorrectionEnabled
If \fBtrue\fP, autocorrect will be enabled.

.TP
.I NSAllowContinuousSpellChecking
???

.TP
.I WebContinuousSpellCheckingEnabled
???

.TP
.I CheckSpellingWhileTyping
???

.TP
.I AppleFontSmoothing
An integer value representing how font smoothing will be handled. Possible
values are:

.RS

.IP \fB2\fP
Enabled

.RE

.TP
.I com.apple.springing.enabled
If \fBtrue\fP, directory springing will be enabledc (when dragging a file over
a directory, it will automatically spring open after a delay specified by
\fIcom.apple.springing.delay\fP).

.TP
.I com.apple.springing.delay
A float value determining the delay before an item that has a file dragged over
it will spring open.

.TP
.I AppleShowAllExtensions
If \fBtrue\fP, file extensions will be shown in the Finder.

.TP
.I AppleHighlightColor
A string consisting of 3 space-separated float values from 0 to 1 representing
the red, green, and blue values of the system highlight color.

.TP
.I AppleOtherHighlightColor
???

.TP
.I AppleEnableMenuBarTransparency
If \fBfalse\fP, Apple menu transparency will be disabled.

.TP
.I NSTableViewDefaultSizeMode
An integer value representing the size of icons in the sidebar.

.TP
.I NSScrollAnimationEnabled
If \fBtrue\fP, smooth scrolling will be enabled.

.TP
.I NSAutomaticWindowAnimationsEnabled
If \fBfalse\fP, window open/close animations will be disabled.

.TP
.I NSWindowResizeTime
A float value respresenting the speed in which Cocoa windows will be resized.

.TP
.I NSDocumentSaveNewDocumentsToCloud
If \fBfalse\fP, documents will save to the local disk as opposed to the cloud by
default.

.TP
.I NSTextShowsControlCharacters
If \fBtrue\fP, control characters will be shown using the caret (^) notation in
standard text views.

.TP
.I NSQuitAlwaysKeepsWindows
If \fBfalse\fP, apps will not save their window state upon quitting.

.TP
.I NSDisableAutomaticTermination
If \fBtrue\fP, inactive apps will not be automatically terminated.

.TP
.I NSAutomaticQuoteSubstitutionEnabled
If \fBfalse\fP, standard quotes will not automatically be substituted for curly
quotes.

.TP
.I NSAutomaticDashSubstitutionEnabled
If \fBfalse\fP, double dashes will not automatically be substituted for
em-dashes.

.TP
.I WebAutomaticTextReplacementEnabled
???

.TP
.I com.apple.mouse.tapBehavior
An integer representing what will happen when the mouse is tapped as opposed to
clicked. Possible values are:

.RS

.IP \fB1\fP
A tap will act as a click.

.RE

.TP
.I com.apple.trackpad.trackpadCornerClickBehavior
???

.TP
.I com.apple.trackpad.enableSecondaryClick
???

.TP
.I com.apple.swipescrolldirection
If \fBtrue\fP, "natural scrolling" will be enabled (swiping downward will scroll
up).

.TP
.I AppleLanguages
???

.TP
.I AppleLocale
???

.TP
.I AppleMeasurementUnits
???

.TP
.I AppleMetricUnits
???

.TP
.I WebKitDeveloperExtras
If \fBtrue\fP, the web inspector will be enabled for web views.

.TP
.I CGContextHighlight2xScaledImages
???

.TP
.I NSScrollViewRubberbanding
If \fBtrue\fP, scroll rubberbanding (overscrolling bounces slightly out of view,
then "rubberbands" back in to view) will be enabled.

.TP
.I NSFullScreenDarkMenu
If \fBtrue\fP, the Apple menu will be darkened when an app is in fullscreen.

.TP
.I FXEnableSlowAnimation
If \fBtrue\fP, holding shift when performing an action that will be animated
(e.g. window minimization, opening quick look on a file) will cause that
animation to run slower.

.TP
.I com.apple.scrollwheel.scaling
A float representing scrolling speed.

.TP
.I com.apple.mouse.scaling
???

.TP
.I NSNavPanelIconViewIconSizeForOpenMode
A number representing the icon size in open panels.

.TP
.I AppleDisplayScaleFactor
???

.TP
.I QuartzComposerDefaultMovieHeight
???

.TP
.I QuartzComposerDefaultMovieWidth
???

.TP
.I QuartzComposerDefaultMovieDuration
???

.TP
.I NSUseLeopardWindowValues
???

.TP
.I AppleUseCoreUI
???

.TP
.I com.apple.mouse.ignoreTrackpadIfMousePresent
???

.TP
.I com.apple.mouse.ignoreTypingFilter
???

.TP
.I AppleScrollBarVariant
???

.TP
.I NSFontPanelPreviewHeight
???

.TP
.I AppleScreenAdvanceSizeThreshold
???

.TP
.I NSDraggingAutoscrollDelay
A number representing the delay before scrolling automatically starts while
dragging.

.TP
.I NSToolTipsFontSize
A number representing the font size in tooltips.

.TP
.I NSToolTipsFont
A string representing the font in tooltips.

.TP
.I NSToolTipAutoWrappingDisabled
If \fBtrue\fP, text inside of tooltips will not wrap.

.TP
.I NSInitialToolTipDelay
A number representing the delay before a tooltip opens up.

.TP
.I NSGrayBackground
If \fBtrue\fP, apps will use the metallic appearance.

.TP
.I AppleAntiAliasingThreshold
A number representing the minimum font size for antialiasing.

.TP
.I NSRecentDocumentsLimit
???

.TP
.I NSDragAndDropTextDelay
???

.TP
.I com.apple.sound.beep.feedback
???

