.\" Manpage for vim commands.
.\" Contact eric@erickever.com to correct errors or typos.
.TH vim-commands 7 "30 Oct 2013" "1.0" "vim commands man page"

.SH MOTIONS

.SS Quantative

.TP
.B \fI#\fP
Let \fI#\fP be any number other than \fB0\fP. This will cause an action to be
performed \fI#\fP times.

.SS Words

.TP
.B w
The end of the word plus trailing whitespace.

.TP
.B e
The end of the word without trailing whitespace.

.TP
.B b
The beginning of the word.

.SS Lines

.TP
.B 0
The beginning of the line.

.TP
.B ^
The beginning of the line after leading whitespace.

.TP
.B $
The end of the line.

.SS Files

.TP
.B G
The end of the file.

.TP
.B gg
The beginning of the file.

.SS Explanation

.P
Non-quantative motions can be preceded by a quantative motion. Commands can also
be preceded by either a quantative motion, or a combination of a quantative
motion and a non-quantative motion:

.TP
.B 3ra
Replaces the character under the cursor plus the next two characters with 'a'.

.TP
.B d3w
Deletes from the cursor to the end of the current word plus the next two words.

.SH NORMAL MODE

Normal mode is the standard mode in vim, allowing you to enter normal commands
or ex commands, and manipulate text with these commands.

.TP
.B dd
Delete the entire line and place it in the kill ring.

.SS Commands to Enter Insert Mode

.TP
.B a
Enter insert mode and append text to the cursor's current position.

.TP
.B A
Enter insert mode and append text at the end of the current line.

.TP
.B i
Enter insert mode and insert text at the cursor's current position.

.TP
.B I
Enter insert mode and insert text and the beginning of the line after leading
whitespace.

.TP
.B gI
Enter insert mode and insert text at the very beginning of the line.

.TP
.B o
Create a new line below the current line, and enter insert mode on that line.

.TP
.B O
Create a new line above the current line, and enter insert mode on that line.

.TP
.B s
Delete the character under the cursor and enter insert mode.

.TP
.B S
Delete the line and enter insert mode.

.TP
.B cw
Delete the current word and enter insert mode.

.TB
.B C-a
Increment the number under the cursor.

.TB
.B C-x
Decrement the number under the cursor.

.SS Ex Commands

.TP
.B :q[uit]
Quit vim. If there are changes to the buffer, an error will be thrown. Append
with \fB!\fP to quit regardless of whether or not there are changes.

.TP
.B :w[rite]
Write changes to the buffer. Append with \fB!\fP to force an overwrite.

.TP
.B :wq
Write changes to the buffer and quit. Append with \fB!\fP to force an overwrite
and quit.

.TP
.B :se[t]
Set a configuration option for the current vim session. Append the option with a
\fB?\fP to get the current value.

.SH AUTHOR
Eric Kever (eric@erickever.com)
